#operations room
holo_table;table:holotable:a holo table:holo:holograph;;a large table displaying a holographic view of a random city; The holographic table is a large metal table that contains a green holograph. It is showing some form of battle between two unknown sides.;operations

red_head;red head:cs major:a red headed cs major:tyler:cecil:tyler cecil;;a tall red headed cs major who you think is a hunk of a man;When you look at the tall red headed cs major he smiles at you then compliments your pants. You are too intimidated by him to talk to him. Maybe you should go to his German friend for help...;operations

window;window:glass;;a large glass window showing a beach;As you look closely at the glass window you realize that the window is a moving picture. You forgot what the outside of your vessel really looks like.;operations

control_panel;control:pannel::panel:control panel;;a small control panel; The control panel displays a bunch of lights and colors that you can not decipher. A secret message is displaying on a small screen "01100101 01100001 01110100 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110000 01101111 01101111 01110010." You ignore it.;operations

#briefing room
conference_table;table:conference table;;a boring conference table;The table is just a table. There is scattered paperwork but nothing interesting.;brief

holovision;holovision:tv:television:holo;;a holo on the wall;The holo is a holovision that will be used in meeting and briefings. It glows a slight light blue when it's not in use.;brief

#landing
security_camera;security:camera:security camera:cam;;a security camera;You look up towards the security camera. It gives you the creeps. "keep moving," a robotic voice says from the camera;landing

stain;stain;;a stain in the middle of the floor;You look at the stain. It has been there for a while. You can see your reflection in the stain;landing

#cafeteria
dining_table;dining table:table:table and chairs:tables:dining tables;; a set of dining tables and chairs around the room for people to eat at.;You look at a dining table. It is surrounded by chairs and is freshly cleaned.;cafeteria

chandelier;chandelier:chandeliers;; a set of chandeliers hanging on the ceiling, giving off an elegant mood to the room.;You look closely at one of the chandeliers. It is made of dozens of little crystals that reflect light off of small bulbs as well as candles. They give off enough light to make the cafeteria have some light;cafeteria
#galley
cooking_area;cooking:area:cooking area;;a cooking area;As you look around the cooking area you see a bunch of equipment you have no idea how to use.;galley

#quarters
your_bed;bed;;your bed;This is your bed. There is nothing special about it but the smell;quarters

#sick bay
clone_bay;clone:bay:clone bay;clone_bay;a clone bay;The clone bay looks vaguely familiar, like you were born there or something.;sickbay

#hall
#No decorations right now

#propulsion room
propulsion_engine;propulsion:engine:propulsion engine;;a propulsion engine;The propulsion engine is composed of complicated machinery that makes you very confused.;propulsion

#brig
prisoner;prisoner;;a prisoner;As you look at the prisoner, you ask why he is in the brig. He mumbles something about saying he could ride someone. You slowly back away;brig

#rec
weights;weights:weight;;a set of weights;There are some weights that you can use to exercise.;recreation

pool;pool:pool table:billiards:billiard:billiard table;;a billiard table;There is a billiard (also known as pool) table for the crew to play while they relax.;rec
