grey_door_in;grey door:gray door:gray:grey;;a grey door;This is a slightly curved electrical grey door. To the left of the door is a small sign that says "OPS".;landing;ops;You walk up to the door and it opens for you, quietly.;1;You walk up to the door and nothing happens.

grey_door_out;grey door:gray door:grey:gray;;a grey door;This is a slightly curved electrical grey door.;ops;landing;You walk up to the door and it opens for you, quietly.;0;You walk up to the door and nothing happens.

blue_door_in;blue door:blue;;a blue door;This is a straight, polished blue door. To the left of the door is a small sign that says "BRIEFING";landing;briefing;You walk up to the door. It slides open with a slight swish.;0;You walk up to the door, but it stays sealed shut.

blue_door_out;blue door:blue;;a blue door;This is a straight, polished blue door.;briefing;landing;You walk up to the door. It slides open with a slight swish.;0;You walk up to the door, but it stays sealed shut.

red_stairs_down;red stairs:red:stairs:down stairs:down;;a set of red stairs leading downward;These are clean, shiny red steps that lead down to the floor below.;landing;hall;You step down.;0;This should never be locked, because it's not a door.

red_stairs_up;red stairs:red:up stairs;;a set of red stairs leading upward;These are clean, shiny red steps that lead down to the floor below.;hall;landing;You step up.;0;These stairs cannot possibly be locked.

green_door_in;green door:green:greene door:greene;;a green door;This is a slightly shabby, old-fashioned green door with a door knob. Above it a sign says "CREW QUARTERS".;hall;quarters;You turn the knob and the door creaks open.;0;You can always go to your quarters.

green_door_out;green door:green:greene door:greene:door;;a green door;This is a slightly shabby, old-fashioned green door with a door knob.;quarters;hall;You turn the knob and the door creaks open.;0;You try to turn the knob. It does not mov.

yellow_door_in;yellow door:yellow;;a yellow door;This is a bright and friendly-looking yellow door. Above the door is a sign that says "REC ROOM".;hall;rec;You move near the door and it opens automatically with an audible snap.;0;You move near the door and it does not open on its own.

yellow_door_out;yellow door:yellow:door;;a yellow door;This is a bright and friendly-looking yellow door.;rec;hall;You go near the door and it opens automatically with an audible snap.;0;You move near the door and it does not open on its own.

pink_door_in;pink door:pink;;a pink door;This is a somewhat faded but still modern pink door. Above the door, a sign reads "CAFETERIA".;hall;cafe;You near the door and it opens with a noticeable creak.;0;You near the door and it does nothing.

pink_door_out;pink door:pink;;a pink door;This is a somewhat faded but still modern pink door.;cafe;hall;You near the door and it opens with a noticeable creak.;0;You near the door and it does nothing.

magenta_door_in;magenta door:magenta;;a magenta door;This is a notable magenta door with the words "GALLEY" and "PUSH" engraved into its metal.;cafe;galley;You near the door and push it open.;1;You near the door and push. It does not budge.

magenta_door_out;magenta door:magenta:door;;a magenta door;This is a notable magenta door with the word "PUSH" egraved into its metal.;galley;cafe;You near the door and push it open.;0;You near the door and push. It does not budge.

white_stairs_down;white stairs:white:down stairs;;a set of white stairs leading downward;These are glimmering and clean white stairs leading down to a lower level.;hall;corridor;You step down.;0;That redheaded CS major doesn't want you to go down the stairs. You are intimidated by his intelligence.

white_stairs_up;white stairs:white:up stairs:stairs;;a set of white stais leading upward;The white staircase goes to the hall.;corridor;hall;You step up.;0;For some reason you can't go up the stairs.

steel_door_in;steel door:steel;;a steel door;The steel door sends a chill down your spine when you look at it closely. Above it a sign reads "BRIG".;corridor;brig;You near the door. A click sounds and the door opens slightly. You catch the door in your hand and slip inside. A guard closes the door behind you. The door clicks once more.;1;You near the door. Nothing happens.

steel_door_out;steel:door:steel door;;There is a forboding, barred steel door.;The door is even eerier on the inside of this room than it ever was on the outside.;brig;corridor;You near the door. A click sounds and the door opens slightly. You push it open the rest of the way and slip through. The guard closes the door behind you.;0;You near the door. The guard is in your way and will not let you pass.

double_door_in;double doors:double door:double;;a set of large double doors;The double doors are very overly large. Above them a large sign reads "CARGO HOLD".;corridor;hold;You near the double doors. They swoop wide open enough for a cargo shipment to pass through.;1;You near the doors. Nothing happens.

double_door_out;double door:double;;a large set of double doors;The double doorsare very overly large.;hold;corridor;You near the double doors. They swoop wide open enough for a cargo shipment to pass through.;1;You near the double doors. Nothing happens.

khaki_door_in;khaki door:khaki;;a khaki door;The khaki door has a nicer-than-normal sign on it that says "SICK BAY".;corridor;sickbay;You near the door and it opens for you.;0;You near the door but nothing happens.

khaki_door_out;khaki door:khaki:door;;a khaki door;The khaki door is rather sterile-looking.;sickbay;corridor;You near the door and it opens for you. You walk through.;0;You near the door but nothing happens.

iron_door_in;iron door:iron;;an iron door;The iron door is a bit intimidating and industrial. A sign above it reads "PROPULSION".;corridor;propulsion;You near the door and it clicks and slides open.;1;You near the door and nothing happens.

iron_door_out;iron door:iron;;an iron door;The iron door is a bit intimidating and industrial.;propulsion;corridor;You near the door and it clicks and slides open.;0;You near the door and nothing happens.
